						Module: 1


Que-1] What is Python?
Ans:   Python is computer programming language often used to build websites and software, automate tasks, and conduct data analysis.
       Python is General purpose high level programming language it meaning it can be used to create a variety of different programs and isn’t specialized for any specific problems.

Que-2] What is Software?
Ans:   Software is a collection of computer programs and related data that provide the instructions for telling a computer what to do and how to do it.
       Software is set of instructions, data, or programs used to operate a computer and execute specific tasks.

Que-3] Types of Software?
Ans:   There are three types of software:

       1] System software: These software programs are designed to run a computer’s application programs and hardware. system software coordinates the activities and functions of the hardware and software.
	  Example- windows, Linux, mac, etc.
       2] Application software: The most common type of software, application software is a computer software package that performs specific function for a user, or in some cases, for another application.
       3] Programming software: programmers use programming software to write code. Programming software and programming tools enable developers to develop, write, test and debug other software programs.
          Example- compilers, debuggers, interpreters.

Que-4] Who Developed Computer?
Ans:   English mathematician and inventor Charles Babbage is credited with having conceived the first automatic digital computer.
       During the mid-1830s Babbage developed plans for the Analytical Engine.


Que-5] What is meaning of programming language?
Ans:	A language which is used to write a program.
	A programming language is any set of rules that converts strings, or graphical program elements in the case of visual programming languages, to various kinds of machine code output.
	Example- C, C++, Python, Java.
